Nintendo brings us a new adventure in
what we and the nih we choose
are the protagonists tomodachi life
knows all its characteristics and
details below in our
analysis
tomodachi light develops in two
Islands loaded with interesting places
in which to hang out the first island
is where he resides in the characters
being able to relax visiting the beach
enjoy concerts store hopping
among many other activities these
they change their merchandise daily so
that whenever we visit them we will find
new content in the second one is
find the communications tower in
what a wii is responsible for presenting
the news and keep up with
all the news the part of the study
photographic and attractions among
others
to
and the existence of a bus stop
that comes out at the beginning we only have
access to some areas unlocking is
the rest as we move forward in the
adventure
unlike animal crossing here not
we can mold the city to our
taste however allows us to choose the
type of interior for the apartment as well
how to buy clothes so that
residents go to fashion
everything develops in real time
passing the days and the seasons like this
that there will be special events in
certain dates so it's convenient
keep informed at all times what
first thing we have to do is create a
our protagonist for what we are
offer three different methods
convince from scratch create a me
starting from a photo or importing it
directly from the editor here
we choose its appearance a surname
nickname date of birth or color
favorite sex and if it's an adult or child a
of the most interesting additions
is the power to adjust your voice can
assign the pitch the height and
perfect intensity and with the preferred
is the current one and mercè the same one calls me
cse mls calls him to serve next
we have to establish the personality of
the nih directly influencing their
acts and in what they say in total there are 16
different personalities each with
his gestures manias and attitudes there are other
ways to get new or as
connect with other players through
the local game create
qr to share them or download other
characters scanning those codes
body
our inhabitants reside in the
apartments or can have up to 100
how each one has its own
personality live their life at your leisure
although they need our help to
be able to realize their dreams and hopes
the symbols that appear next to the
windows of the apartments indicate the
mood of the characters so
that we have to visit them to see if
we can help you the efforts that
we perform will raise your level of happiness
making more follies happen in the
island and we get interesting
rewards standing to choose new
songs apartment designs
objects create crutches or give money
there are many ways to make them happy
either feed them with their food
favorite to give them advice to pass times
with them and enjoy minigames or
help them make new friends
finding many other options
all this gives rise to relationships of
friendship of anger or infatuation
coming even sharp and the thing goes more
the ruling that included the
Japanese version that allowed weddings
homosexuals which we thought was a
big mistake and in turn has raised a lot
controversy
I feel our
Y
and couples can have children
growing these sooner or later and
wanting its own space we can
provide you with your own apartment or
send them to travel the world to
visit the islands of other players if
we activate streetpass
when activating it we can also receive
visits from other players who will camp
on our lot, can accommodate up to
10 characters at the same time and interact with
the residents of our island also
allows you to occasionally receive letters or
photos of someone who is traveling through
the world as well as they go through the
island from time to time hello how are you
watching the day I hope that phenomenal me
I would like to wear new clothes
and we can share our best
moments in the adventure through
images that will be published on twitter
tumblr or facebook
they
the graphical section is pretty good
but we would have liked a city
better recreated and to be able to visit their
streets instead of having to press
about the place we travel to
we would have liked to be able to customize
the city but as it is for
make a new ip meets
in the sonorous there are simple melodies and
cheerful though where truly
it stands out is in the voice editor that
allows us to customize to our liking the
characters if they read accurately everything
what we write with the possibility of
compose the lyrics of songs
interpret them at concerts
in conclusion tomodachi life is a game
totally different from what is seen in others
titles the relationships between
characters that we incorporate to
the island usually give very situations
absurd and funny being
completely unpredictable there are many
options to customize to the
inhabitants but not for the city something
that would have given a lot of variety according to
the time and day change the events and
objects sold in shops which
makes its duration almost infinite
although the graphic section is very simple
the nice designs of the thousands their
animations make us forget
quickly from it the voices in
Castilian and who can read everything
that we write give you a point in favor
to sound all together with the fun and
varied melodies
we recommend tomodachi live to all
those players who want to try
something new even if it is not to the liking of
all public